lab_1/README.md, before:

# LAB №1 (variant 3)

## Aim

Create Haskell application with classes and instances. Use MySQL DB.

### Task

Develop information systems "Software on the network of the faculty." Database tables contain the following information: Software name author (....), text annotation, type, version, terms of use, conditions of use, where the distribution is recorded, information about users and popularity of the tool, usage statistics. Provide for the possibility of introducing and correcting information. The number of tables must be more than 5.

Original text: _Разработать информационную систем "Программное обеспечение на сети факультета". Таблицы БД содержат такую информацию: Название программного средства, автор (....), текст аннотации, вид, версия, сроки использования, условия использования, где записан дистрибутив, информация о пользователях и популярности программного средства, статистика использования. Предусмотреть возможность введения и корректирования информации. Количество таблиц должно быть больше 5._

## Author & Link

- **Maxim Galchenko** (@maxs-im)

[Github Repository](https://github.com/maxs-im/Functional/tree/master/lab_1)

Commit message:

Haskell 1: update links in Readme

lab_1/README.md, after:

# LAB №1 (variant 3)

## Aim

Create Haskell application with classes and instances. Use MySQL DB.

### Task

Develop information systems "Software on the network of the faculty." Database tables contain the following information: Software name author (....), text annotation, type, version, terms of use, conditions of use, where the distribution is recorded, information about users and popularity of the tool, usage statistics. Provide for the possibility of introducing and correcting information. The number of tables must be more than 5.

Original text: _Разработать информационную систем "Программное обеспечение на сети факультета". Таблицы БД содержат такую информацию: Название программного средства, автор (....), текст аннотации, вид, версия, сроки использования, условия использования, где записан дистрибутив, информация о пользователях и популярности программного средства, статистика использования. Предусмотреть возможность введения и корректирования информации. Количество таблиц должно быть больше 5._

## Author & Links

- **Maxim Galchenko** (@maxs-im)

[Mid-level client library for the MySQL DB](http://hackage.haskell.org/package/mysql-simple)

[Github Repository](https://github.com/maxs-im/Functional/tree/master/lab_1)
